So this is it.
This is how you can add native device features to your app.
We added a lot of features in this module.
We added the camera.
We made sure we can get the user location by order locating the user and also by showing a full map
and interactive map where you can scroll and sue them and then select the place at a marker.
We showed a map preview which was pretty neat and we stored that data not just in memory but we moved
to file in our file system and we stored all data all the 50 help of sequel light in a real database
that runs on our device and you learned how to set this all up and use it.
Now as I mentioned multiple times in this module the official Expo docs are your friend does this everything
which is building which should cover like ninety nine point nine percent of use cases you might have.
There are so many amazing features you can add to your applications and as is so adding is super super
simple.
It's mostly one command.
You have to run and then you can start using the package now.
Nonetheless you might have some niche use case where you have some functionality you need which isn't
provided by expo or you have some other reason why you might want to build an app without Expo and therefore
also have a separate module as already mentioned where I will show you how to build a react native app
without Expo and it will all just show there how you could still add native device features.
My recommendation however would always be that you use Expo because it's such a breeze to add such features
to that app as you saw.